fix misspells and minor cleanup (#44)
squid-cache/squid-cache.github.io: docs/Features/HotConf.md

in order to _save_ complexity? I don't believe I have to mention any
of the problems associated with that to you.

> IMO that's _way_ more complexity and trouble than simply passing

Reviewer: adding contraction
```suggestion
IMO that is _way_ more complexity and trouble than simply passing
```
